[Applause]
I would say the first season the show
was a good show the second season it
became a great show I'm now in the third
season it's an unbelievably great show
and I I want to help with this because I
feel like it's just one of these shows
that people need to catch up to and they
start and watch and enjoy the whole
thing yeah so you were in Texas as we
mentioned I know you seem nervous but I
don't need to be nervous animals this is
gonna be funny okay this is a great idea
okay okay so your wife jennifer aniston
helped me out you know that recall
notice you got for your car what kind of
car do you have I have a black Mercedes
a black Mercedes that recall notice you
gotta that was not there's nothing wrong
with the car we while you're a gun we
got the keys to your car it was not
being repaired there's nothing wrong
with the driveshaft but that's your car
right there correct that's correct okay
all right and so what we did was to try
to bring you know cuz I feel like HBO
could be doing a better job of promoting
this for you we had some experts adorn
your car in a way that I think is gonna
bring you a lot of attention
and let's go outside now to Hollywood
Boulevard
[Applause]
this is what people will see
we even won so far from
hood ornament on the car keep going
around so we can see the whole thing
there I want everybody to see every bit
of what's going on just in time
[Applause]
very song oh yeah yeah
riding like here motion a be right here
will do not drive that car okay I won't
I promise
okay very good then what are you doing
in it getting denied from ah I'm
modeling for Justin oh you're okay
you're right for justice so there you go
Justin you're welcome that's
[Applause]
oh hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen forever